Richelle Direny: I'm fine.
Richelle Direny: Thank you so much. Um, for for letting me know what the situation was, um,
Richelle Direny: You had the wrong zoom number
Antonio J: Yeah, I didn't have that phone number.
Richelle Direny: I think that's the, that's where you always when you originally checked in on the first time you met with me. That wasn't the zoom number you used
Antonio J: Yeah, I must use a different one.
Antonio J: I can't, I can't find that one up. I'm glad I got it now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Antonio J: Yes.
Richelle Direny: We first met
Richelle Direny: over everything.
Richelle Direny: How was your Easter.
Antonio J: Why was great, who wrote
Richelle Direny: You went and hung out with your family.
Antonio J: My mother house with this through.
Antonio J: Look for others it was good. Oh, my nephews and cousins there.
Antonio J: little Easter egg hunt.
Richelle Direny: The best way you guys can
Richelle Direny: In the backyard, just with family alone. Right. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: This Easter was a little it felt a little fun.
Yeah, definitely.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you do remember this week you will attend the group.
Richelle Direny: Thursday.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: You could come at 12 o'clock or you could come at
Six o'clock.
Richelle Direny: This session.
Richelle Direny: I met with you the first time. The first time was just basically the regular bio
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Best Album ID.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so the first session was just us just me gathering a lot more information. Now this session is more of me.
Richelle Direny: You know, just trying to get a better understanding of what it is that you want.
Richelle Direny: In terms of moving forward and your treatment. What is it that you would like to
Richelle Direny: Work on for yourself.
Richelle Direny: As it's related to your alcohol abuse. I know you said that you're willing to attend the groups to do the individuals.
Richelle Direny: To be able to identify for the most part, to be able to identify some of the things that you know what you use alcohol to how you use it to cope with a lot of things that's going on in your life from the past past life experiences and just kind of everything is related to that.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, just a little bit of it spoken about when we first did the intake. So now it's kind of like being able to identify
Richelle Direny: What your goals is and how we're going to work towards those goals. These are would be your personal goals how you would like to work towards them and coming to that place where you're ready to
Richelle Direny: Open up and speak about it because that could be also a struggle within itself on coming to terms, not so much. Speaking about
Richelle Direny: Speaking about it to someone, but more so coming to terms with some degree of acceptance of things did happen. I'm knowing that there's only so much control you have
Richelle Direny: One, you know certain things like even with the with your mom and the different people that came in her life month about those things for your fault on there was no control. You had over it, especially as a child.
Richelle Direny: So it's coming to terms with that finding that place where you're ready at least to come to that place of saying
Richelle Direny: It happened. I had no control over it. I want to talk about it to free myself into release it. Those things comes in strides slowly but surely is getting toward talking about it. And for you begin the healing process.
Richelle Direny: Now, so
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um,
Richelle Direny: You did it. Did you you met who was the provided you meet with a Dr. Natalie, or do you did you meet with Dr. Jamison, who did you meet with
Antonio J: And I think it was Natalie.
Richelle Direny: Natalie. Okay. And, um, she didn't know in her meeting with her. She didn't discuss you being on anything right.
Antonio J: Any medication.
Richelle Direny: I know you said that you a would. All right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. So, all right. So let's start. Like I said, from a therapeutic standpoint. What is your goal. Like if you can identify three long term goals that you want to work on those long term goals is where we develop the short term.
Antonio J: I know. I mean, I, I can't. I can't. I mean, my goal is just, I mean not to drink, but it's like so much going on right now that I can't even
Richelle Direny: Think about that. Think about
Richelle Direny: What's going on.
Richelle Direny: Just start with that. Well, so what's going on.
Antonio J: Like working and stuff, you know this stuff.
Antonio J: And then I gotta deal with this. I don't, I don't know, like I'm not working and
Antonio J: And then they
Antonio J: Just suck. I don't know why not is cool. I mean,
Antonio J: I've noticed a
Antonio J: Change up everything.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what about it changes everything for you.
Antonio J: Well, I'm not doing nothing, not me. I'm not getting no
Antonio J: No, it's nothing. It's
Antonio J: I can't get nothing better when I'm not doing nothing. I can't work. I can't get I can't, I'm not getting paid and just all that stuff.
Antonio J: You know, in the builder still do stuff like that. No. And that's what I'm more focused on right now and not
Antonio J: Not
Antonio J: Thinking about right now mavens Maven
Antonio J: Mindset right now.
Richelle Direny: So right
Right now.
Richelle Direny: So right now, your immediate need is to be able to have some type of financial resources.
Antonio J: Right, that's yeah you know I'm saying, I'm trying to figure that out before I even think about
Antonio J: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: But think about it this way, you're, you're absolutely right. So we're going with your immediate need your immediate need is
Richelle Direny: Having financial resources to be able to keep the light on to keep to keep a roof over your head to do all of that right
Richelle Direny: Um, you were laid off or you were furloughed I think for a lot is where you still have a job, you're just waiting for them to see if you know when you're going to be called back
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. So did they give you a time did they say, okay, within two weeks that they see say within a month. Like, what was the
Antonio J: Exam exam made for
Richelle Direny: May 4 which is in almost three weeks.
Richelle Direny: Right, okay. So in that time, not being able to do the job that you're used to doing what is something that you can do in the meantime till compensated in terms of looking out for some other type of employment, while you're laid off from just job temporarily
Antonio J: Like no job he's a lot of different employment.
Richelle Direny: I know someone just did Instacart. And he, he was telling us in our group that he made way in a week. I think almost 1000 hours.
Antonio J: No.
Antonio J: I was, I can find out where I live in
Richelle Direny: Instacart.
Antonio J: I don't know what that is.
Richelle Direny: So it's, it's kind of like a delivery service. It's where it almost sounds like it's like a
Richelle Direny: Little girl. She was version of grocery shopping for people
Richelle Direny: So like you sign up with the different grocery stores like here in Florida. They have Publix, they have Walmart, they have different grocery stores. So people order their, their groceries and you go and pick it up and bring it to them and you get paid for the winner.
Antonio J: Oh yeah, I don't know if we have
Antonio J: That we have one here.
Richelle Direny: You're in Ohio. Right.
Antonio J: Mansfield, Ohio.
Richelle Direny: I don't know what part of Ohio. That person was from. But I know that's what and he had shared it with other people and other people that went to sign up. They had looked into it. I just, you know, if you have a driver's license.
Richelle Direny: I know one person. He like had one or two obstacles, he had to go over, but there was that, um, what is it they're listening to the grocery stores. You guys have their Kroger
Kroger
Antonio J: And Walmart.
Richelle Direny: I again. He was doing it through Kroger, I want to say is what he said Kroger, and he said, You just, you just have to just look up Instacart I STA cey RT Instacart.
Richelle Direny: And, um, that is that is one option. It's just a, you know, on, unfortunately, and I don't want to say, unfortunately, is too much. You know, it's kind of sounds bad, but it's we just have to look into creative ways of how to
Richelle Direny: gain some form of income. I know that Amazon is another company.
Richelle Direny: That's
Richelle Direny: They're hiring.
Richelle Direny: Is just the means of the question is, what is it that you want to do in comparison to what is out there right now.
Antonio J: I don't, I don't know. It was not even that is not as easy it like
Antonio J: I don't know.
Antonio J: Not an easy job. Good job like that.
Richelle Direny: You're happy you're absolutely right. But the question is, what are you willing to do
Richelle Direny: What sacrifices are you willing to make
Antonio J: To try to get another job.
Richelle Direny: Something temporarily. I remember I was telling another guy who is in the same situation is very different because he has like a whole lot of kids.
Richelle Direny: And when I suggested the things he said no he don't want to do know that he just said he wanted to know.
Richelle Direny: So it's just like, Okay, well, you know, these are some options. I'm not saying that it has to be long term. I'm just saying that for right now, things that you can do to get a little you know income here and there.
Richelle Direny: Things that are open coming to be able to get some income because you're right, talking about my past is not gonna be
Richelle Direny: My when I can't pay my bills.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: He will. Yeah, I'm not gonna front if I can't pay my bills. I will talk to you about my life. I want to talk to you about how to get shot.
Richelle Direny: So you know I need food my refrigerator. I need all these different things they say they have a similar package coming. The question is when is the stimulus package coming. I have no idea.
Yeah.
Antonio J: And then I asked that they just sent the text messages about his comment and it's like my luck is that lifestyle and my
Antonio J: They couldn't turn my tax through because I gotta pay for the taxi to h&r block for my textbook can't even go through. So now you're talking like
Antonio J: I won't be able to get that stimulus check because my 2018 and 19 hasn't really been filed yet like and that's like, Dang, what is my luck is that I gotta pay on my pocket to pay $400 before even uninstalling my text.
Richelle Direny: When did you, when did you when you when you file your taxes. You didn't pay h&r block the fee.
Antonio J: Will be
Richelle Direny: Whatever fee, you're saying that you didn't pay
Antonio J: Right, I haven't paid that
Richelle Direny: So h&r block, but I thought before they process it h&r block typically means you pay that
Antonio J: Right there, you I guess they I must old film or something that they can send my texts through
Antonio J: So it's just like, I gotta, like, like we got a lot of figuring out to do. And it's like, I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Did you call h&r block and find that
Antonio J: I haven't had a chance to go today.
Antonio J: Just
Antonio J: Last week,
Antonio J: Was just
Richelle Direny: Calling buddy. So, so it's making a list. I mean, it sounds easier, but it's making a list and saying,
Richelle Direny: If I have because if they're going to give me $2,000 and I'm not able to get $2,000 that quickly. Let me see. All right. If it's an h&r block thing. Let me call since I'm getting a text.
Richelle Direny: Calling h&r block, because from 2008 we're in 2020 Do you work. Did you have a return that you were supposed to get
Antonio J: I get. I don't know. I guess I just want to follow them, I guess, I don't know. But yeah, I guess I'm supposed to get a return. Oh, no.
Richelle Direny: So when you find it. Don't they tell you right then in there. You're supposed to get a return
Antonio J: Yes. You said I was gonna return, but I can, I can. They can finish piling on top $100 for each
Richelle Direny: So if. Okay, so, so I'm just and even though it's a lot. It's frustrating, but just follow me because something, some of it. It's all about
Richelle Direny: You know, the work you put into it. If you filed your taxes back in 2018 between January to April of 20 of 2019 because 2019 would have been 2018 taxes. Right.
Richelle Direny: So between January and April of the deadline date and they said that you were supposed to your return would have been equal to about $3,000 $3,000 is good money.
Richelle Direny: That you I'm getting all in a lump sum and I'm supposed to get it within two to three weeks. Have you thought if I haven't gotten my tooth that two or $3,000
Richelle Direny: Did you try reaching out to somebody to say, hey, I haven't gotten anything like what's going on at that point they would have said, well, you need to pay the fee until you pay the fee, you're not able to get the return or we haven't process your, your, your taxes.
Antonio J: Right.
Richelle Direny: So that's what I mean. Now we're in. We're in April 2020 I know they've pushed back the deadline date from April 15 to, I think, July 15 now. But, you know, calling h&r block to see what what is the
Richelle Direny: Because in the previous year. How have you done it.
Antonio J: I have a file my taxes.
Antonio J: It's in our blood.
Richelle Direny: And have you paid the fee. They
Antonio J: Take the feet from my taxes or whatever they did, I must I owe them.
Antonio J: And
Antonio J: I always in our buck and this year. They told me I can't. They can't finish following my tactic to buy old or eight I gotta pay their tax be able to follow my child. She said, I will get. I will not get nothing for 18 but I will get something for 19
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, but you just have to call them and follow through. It's just following through to see, you know, how quickly because if it is that they said that whatever the fee is whenever you get the stimulus, they're going to pay you pay whatever amount to them.
Richelle Direny: Because when it comes down to the government, they're going to get their money. Regardless, no matter how much you try, they're going to get their money, they're going to find a way to get their money that is one thing that
Richelle Direny: We don't hundred percent, they're going to take our money. So it's speaking to them to figure out, like, you know, whatever amount of money that you're going to get through the stimulus, it will be real beneficial to help you at least one of those you have until
Antonio J: Yeah.
Antonio J: I just hope it goes through and I'll be able to still get it i don't know i got going on today. But then I have to
Antonio J: This is so much
Antonio J: stuff right here is like, then I gotta call my PO talk to her car I'm doing I'm not worried about fight no pills and stuff right now. Like, this is just
Antonio J: I don't know this word.
Richelle Direny: It's frustrating. It's for color was like I said, call it what it is. Call it what it is.
Richelle Direny: And just do it is what it is. It's frustrating. You got to talk to me. You got to talk to your appeal. You got to do, there's just all these things that you have to do, and it's so much that you feel like you have to do, and it's frustrating.
Antonio J: But I don't mind doing i mean i will i can
Antonio J: Like if I if everything was going okay like working and stuff. Oh, I'll do group anytime talk about how my days going, but not all that stuff. If I wouldn't have to worry about, like, all this
Antonio J: Food and a cable and all that stuff. And it's like, I just moved in here, February. Excellent. Good work. My job and not everything went to a whole plane. And I got to still do all his probation stuff just ridiculous.
Antonio J: And I still pay my files and then I gotta catch up to doing that eventually
Antonio J: And it was it was going good. You know what, I'm not drinking want to work every day in our show working my second second job 15 to 20 images went off to nothing.
Antonio J: And now I gotta deal with trying to figure out how to get money in the unemployment takes forever to come through. I've been almost two and a half weeks.
Antonio J: I'm just have faith. That's a lot of volume, but it's not like
Richelle Direny: You just said, all you have to do is have faith, but my friend faith without works is dead.
Richelle Direny: You have to have the faith, but there's the work that you got to put into that faith. It's not just having faith that everything is going to work out.
Richelle Direny: everything that you're doing. Listen, whether it is that you have to do this, due to the repercussions of your alcohol is what brought all of this on when it's all said and done,
Richelle Direny: The bigger picture. Remove alcohol out of it removed drugs out of it. If you had a wife and children, forget about why if you had children, you got to take care of them.
Richelle Direny: No matter what it is the foundation underlining issue that you have right now. Was that your security blanket was taken away from you.
Richelle Direny: You had your job was your security. It's what almost based on what you're describing without realizing it is what gave you life. Now that was taken away from you. Your whole world isn't abroad, you don't know what to do. You have no clue what to do.
Richelle Direny: Because life for you was taken away from you for you and for a whole lot of other people now have to figure out what am I going to do
Richelle Direny: So I have faith that things are going to work out but in me having faith.
Richelle Direny: What else, what is the work that I can put into it.
Richelle Direny: To make this faith magnified. That's the reality of it. Faith without works is completely dead.
Richelle Direny: It's completely that you can. You can't just do works with no faith and you can't have no faith without works. So you got to do both of them. You really do. It's a hard thing to say, but it's the truth of what is
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: You're overwhelmed, your stress right now, not being able, you have to figure out all this different stuff.
Richelle Direny: Don't you think that the the need to drink alcohol is eventually going to come forth
Antonio J: Yeah what yeah but
Antonio J: I mean, I know that it might be that to drive to do it, but mostly I'm not even focused on
Richelle Direny: You know, focus on it today, but the more the stress of the longer you stay home without working the locker realize okay listen, I only got the last slice of bread.
Richelle Direny: The building. They had I mean granted right now everybody's kind of give me some kind of leeway the renter, the cable everybody's given the leeway because they understand the circumstances situation of people are not working. But eventually, all that stuff. Gotta get paid.
Richelle Direny: When it's all said and done, the longer this takes
Richelle Direny: Pretty much America is given back to us, the government turns back over the country to each and every individual, the longer it takes
Richelle Direny: The your desire to drown out your thoughts and emotions.
Richelle Direny: Is going to be there.
Richelle Direny: So that's why I say let's put things into perspective, it's frustrating. It seems overwhelming, but we gotta work is it what do you need to do right now.
Richelle Direny: I need some money. I hear about this money I call so I can suggest the goal as soon as you get off the phone with me call the h&r block's to say hey listen what I need to do because
Richelle Direny: I don't know what I'm gonna go back to work and I need some money because not forget about paying bills. I need food in the house. I need certain things.
Richelle Direny: Because the rent. You can't pay your rent and food not working. And there are a lot. There's things put in place for that.
Richelle Direny: If you can't keep your water on you can't keep your light on can pay the cable bill things were put in place for all of those things because people are being laid off a lot of people are being laid off on unemployment numbers are going up every day.
Richelle Direny: But in the meantime, what is it that Antonio can do, though it seems hard and though it seems frustrating. What can Antonio do to make some money.
Richelle Direny: It means that going to your neighbor. Hey, I'm charging $10 and I run to the grocery store and pick up some things for you as soon as you just got that's $20 that's $30. I'm just saying we have to do what we have to do, which is something I want to do know.
Richelle Direny: Is it something that I must do for right now.
Richelle Direny: Unless there's somebody else can give me another option.
Richelle Direny: Your probation officer.
Richelle Direny: You still got a call and check in, because if you don't
See
Richelle Direny: This is the world we live in. It's the life you know
Richelle Direny: If you don't call your probation officer if you don't check in. When you're supposed to check in, there's consequences surrounding that you don't want to ruin it.
You
Antonio J: Know,
Richelle Direny: Sometimes we're so overwhelmed. Let me tell you the reality of life.
Richelle Direny: I do it all the time. I wasn't you always talking to somebody else. I do it all the time when you see the mountain in front of you.
Richelle Direny: That you know that you have to do, what do we do do that right and you sit down and you do nothing, the whole day just pass you by. And nothing gets done.
Richelle Direny: Simply because I see the mountain that that I have to overcome I there's a big mountain in front of me.
Richelle Direny: That's just, I gotta climb that
Richelle Direny: I can't, I can't.
Richelle Direny: It is what it is I get you. Trust me, I get you.
Antonio J: Much is it everything you get back better. Maybe I can
Antonio J: Do to, you know, play. I'm going to try to
Antonio J: Figure out something about a job, but it's not that easy around saving it all small small they know and
Richelle Direny: What have you tried
Antonio J: I've been trying to get my unemployment. That's what I've been trying to do. I mean, it's only been two weeks since I've been off. I mean, there was really
Richelle Direny: What's that, what's the, what's the when it comes down to apply for unemployment there.
Antonio J: I mean, we've been on a weight every i mean i'm waiting on it.
Richelle Direny: OK, but so with unemployment is taking a while.
Richelle Direny: Unemployment only gives you, but so much money per week.
Right.
Richelle Direny: So that's just unemployment.
Richelle Direny: But is there anything else that you've heard of that you hear people because what I'm suggesting to you is what I've heard other people say.
Antonio J: I mean,
Antonio J: Motor City cities are only so small and you only
Antonio J: Know,
Antonio J: We've been talking about.
Antonio J: This shit. Everybody been in a daze
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Like I said, because of the group. Well, the one group that I run. I hear people saying, hey, this place is hiring that places hiring and these are the things that they're doing to make a little bit of money. The one other person who heard it in group went to look into it.
Antonio J: You can put application in the city of a week, not just like you know his
Antonio J: Name.
Richelle Direny: What is your trade. Now he keeps
Richelle Direny: What, what's your trade now.
Antonio J: I'm a welder, and I work at a restaurant.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So when you say a welder. That works at restaurants like would
Antonio J: Work.
Antonio J: I work. I'm a welder, and I work at a restaurant.
Richelle Direny: Oh, two different things. Gotcha, gotcha. And for the most part, a lot of these restaurants are closed.
Richelle Direny: Well, what do you do at the restaurant.
Antonio J: Good.
Richelle Direny: Now is it, is it a small restaurant because there are some places that I've seen where the restaurant is the inside is closed, but they're doing takeouts
Right.
Richelle Direny: So you're saying the one that you work out there. Just leave to shut down completely.
Antonio J: No, they're doing that don't
Antonio J: Take out
Richelle Direny: All but it's only so much people they need to work.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Antonio J: Let's do it don't need me to not a man. Yes.
Antonio J: They're whether they're whether you give it to the full time because you can't get and restaurants, you can get unemployment, because they're still open.
Antonio J: So none of our restaurants are really open to doing
Richelle Direny: A welder. You work in construction sites and things of that nature. Right.
Antonio J: I work at a factory.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and all the factories are close
Antonio J: Yeah, all the factors are closed.
Antonio J: All the factors are close to restaurants. Only thing is openness Walmart and Kroger
Richelle Direny: Or you wouldn't want to do anything temporary
Antonio J: Oh yeah already put an application and they gave my ex girlfriends. We me and my ex girlfriend was application at same time she take a brother job so
Richelle Direny: What about another location, are you when you when you apply only apply to the one location. How does it work at Walmart. You play you apply to each location or you just put in an application for whatever location.
Antonio J: I put it in one in Ontario and one in particular, we only got to Walmart, sir.
Richelle Direny: I'm fine. They just hire for whichever Walmart.
Antonio J: Well, no, no, no, you you'll get calls from vocal buying a coffin up
Antonio J: I'm calling like juggling application, but I don't know this place already so small you know they already got their workers but
Antonio J: I don't know. They just don't hire really
Antonio J: It's tough to get a job and
Richelle Direny: It's tough to get jobs anywhere. It's tough to get job. I mean, it's a rat race. It's a whole lot of pee, especially now that unemployment is going up. The minute you hear somebody hiring everybody's running to it.
Antonio J: So in some places. It's not hard. I mean, I don't know.
Richelle Direny: So, but, again,
Richelle Direny: You can look into it, but with the delivery service. I mean, hey, it is something to think about. Because if you have a vehicle, it is, you know, you know, some amount of that money has to go into to gas.
Antonio J: Money to get when you get when you get charged for DUI and they drop it down to a
Antonio J: Physical control do you get your license took
Richelle Direny: Till you don't have a license. No. So how do you get to and from work.
Antonio J: I get it right.
Richelle Direny: So what is it that you can do nothing. Well, no, because then even listen now seems like everybody is moving towards get like I personally have never used that whole delivery service people have told me about it all the time. You just pull up somewhere and they're loading it up.
Richelle Direny: What about Kroger's like what are they, they, they, hiring for Kroger
Antonio J: Oh, no.
Richelle Direny: You say you apply to Congress and you
Antonio J: Know, Walmart.
Richelle Direny: Or just former
Antonio J: Yeah, I'm just saying Walmart and quarters on one open
Richelle Direny: Have you ever tried to look into progress to see if they're hiring.
Antonio J: Minute.
Antonio J: I will felony on my record for trafficking crack cocaine in 2013
Richelle Direny: So that's, that's
Richelle Direny: So then that will be the issue with Walmart as well. Right.
Antonio J: Everything right
Antonio J: Everything.
So the banks.
Richelle Direny: Except for factories and except for
Antonio J: Maybe a restaurant.
Richelle Direny: But then you wouldn't have known if you so you only applied and you got hired at both of them even though you have a felony.
Antonio J: And getting to factor is no
Antonio J: Restaurant, then we actually
Richelle Direny: Because different places, they look at different things.
Antonio J: Right.
Richelle Direny: They do certain background.
Richelle Direny: Exactly so.
Richelle Direny: Depending on the company that you're applying to some of them will look
Richelle Direny: Not all
Richelle Direny: Right, what you're saying. Some of you said most of them right
Antonio J: Almost on the wire.
Richelle Direny: Both of them, but
Richelle Direny: To you say
Richelle Direny: And forgive my ignorance.
Richelle Direny: Do you same do I try, or do I not try because of what's on my record.
Antonio J: Oh yeah, yeah, I'm not gonna try don't
Antonio J: Worry where I noticed
Richelle Direny: You say, so you're not going to try to the places where you know right off the bat.
Richelle Direny: They're not going to hire you. Because they tell you that they're not going to hire you. So, but in in your area.
Richelle Direny: Do you know I'm
Richelle Direny: Pretty much most of the majority of the places. That's not gonna hire you.
Yeah.
Antonio J: We only have so many places in the city. We have mostly restaurants. We only got so many factories. Yeah, Kroger Walmart. I know.
Antonio J: It's
Richelle Direny: Like a Walmart, you said you say you know Walmart because that a felony.
Richelle Direny: Because of everything that you're having on your record, you said that you know but she said, but she just said you apply
Antonio J: When I applied because, I mean, we were both lose both better
Antonio J: That's much answers.
Richelle Direny: But so, but see, this is what I'm just saying you Anthony I. That's why I said forgive my ignorance, but you're saying that you're not going to apply to the places that you don't
Richelle Direny: That you know it's not going to hire you. But just but then in that same breath, you said you took your chances with Walmart.
Right.
Richelle Direny: So then why did you take your why were you willing to take your chances with Walmart, but you're not willing to take your chances with a whole lot of other places that you know
Antonio J: Just, just because me and my exits. In here we was going on that online banking. She's is acting up blah blah itself out by but I know it's not gonna work.
Richelle Direny: Faith without works.
Richelle Direny: Hey, listen, I hear you, I hear I like you said, I hear. So what was it, why she said, just try even though you know in the back of your mind. Why was it that you try because she told you to
Antonio J: Maybe maker. I don't know. We just she was just sitting there doing and I was just sitting there.
Antonio J: So they was talking about how much you made at Walmart was I will let me just try it. And I guess.
Antonio J: Knowing it wasn't long word. I told her not gonna work.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um,
Richelle Direny: What does that 11 like two or three background check that they did.
Antonio J: Here, but I didn't. I mean, honestly.
Antonio J: I know I got time on my hand. But there's no way to really
Antonio J: I'm trying to figure out how to get
Antonio J: I've been trying to do this, unemployment for a couple weeks. And that's been more on my mind than
Richelle Direny: Anything else
Antonio J: Yeah, I mean, I'm trying to get my unemployment figure it out because it's been two weeks without no checks and I'm like, trying to figure out what's going on with his unemployment.
Antonio J: I mean, I understand another job within
Antonio J: Auto. Oh, man.
Antonio J: I'm gonna get it.
Richelle Direny: So what is just that. So with unemployment, you're just waiting for them to call you see here.
Antonio J: I'm waiting for my card. I mean, I already have my weekly or whatever. And I'm just waiting on
Antonio J: My car to see if I'm approved or whatever. And I don't know what's going on. So I've been doing this all week and then
Richelle Direny: I think there's some degree of the into because if your employer. I think it's something because it will be coming from the factory. That's what would be paying the factory.
Antonio J: Right, I know that.
Richelle Direny: So it's, it's so I don't know if it takes whatever they need to submit if they're the ones that's been laying the whole thing, you know.
Antonio J: I'm already doing with that I'm going through the unemployment.
Antonio J: Are waiting on I'm waiting on my call.
Richelle Direny: Oh, the car for them to send it to you.
Antonio J: Then like two weeks.
Antonio J: I really do want to figure out this 2018 2019 taxes. That's only thing that's on my mind for real because they sending out that money and they talking about if you haven't file, you won't get it until sep tember hang a sign of waiting till September.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so then that's I said once you get off this call, you need to call on you need to get a pen and paper.
Richelle Direny: Call them and make sure before you get off that phone that you are clear on everything that they're saying to you because if you were supposed to get a return and you never got the return, then you need to find out why you didn't get the return
Antonio J: Oh, I know.
Antonio J: I know why they get the return because I have to. I have to
Antonio J: I have to pay them in cash.
Antonio J: Before I even finished following my texts.
Richelle Direny: So, and how much was it 400 and something on your side.
Antonio J: Larger for it 200 for 18 and 200 180 349
Richelle Direny: Okay, so from 2019 you would drop that whole year. You just paid the 200 AND SOMETHING DOLLARS FOR THEM TO
Antonio J: Dissolve at the same time.
Richelle Direny: Aren't you gonna get penalty for for falling. One of them late
Antonio J: Yes, that's
Richelle Direny: Ok ok ok and so now you're in the position that you're in, because you don't have the money to be able to pay them and whatever little money that you do get once unemployment or comes through any little money if you got to submit that
Antonio J: Exactly. But that's taking so long. That's why I'm trying to because I'm back behind two weeks of pay for my unemployment, so if I get that unemployment, you know it's coming. They'll give it all to me at once. And I was just going to take that to go pay it.
Antonio J: Because even though I'm losing. I mean, it's gonna come back better, but I couldn't pay that fee at the time because I didn't have the money. I just moved in that apartment. And I just, it was just so much going on.
Antonio J: And
Antonio J: I'm trying to wait on this unemployment becomes, why can just say, like, look, I'll just say h&r block, but I can send my tech through with them check, maybe some
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Antonio J: Or I'm one of the most likely if anything like today.
Antonio J: If anything, I'll just go borrow with somebody you know I got family that let me borrow it. But I gotta figure out who would
Antonio J: But it's just today. You know this one. I was gonna say when I find out stuff but
Richelle Direny: When did you, what did you speak to them to find out last week.
Antonio J: When I did my weekly yesterday. I didn't speak to nobody. Nobody, not, I don't know, you know, speaking of, I gotta call h&r block and see if I can get my Texas from Dell
Antonio J: And maybe file somewhere else.
Richelle Direny: On things that you're thinking it's it's finding out from them what are your options. What can you do and if he if you have to. But then, remember, if you're going to borrow. It's from someone. It's just being, you know, knowing that hey listen as soon as I get my check. I'm gonna oh
Antonio J: Well, that's no problem.
Antonio J: Man, it's all fall down to it.
Antonio J: I didn't want to do that. Yeah, I've been waiting. I've been waiting on this unemployment, but it's not telling me I don't understand why.
Richelle Direny: I mean, is when you call the number, do they tell you what's taking so long. What's the holdup
Antonio J: Talk to nobody.
Antonio J: Nobody answering the phone.
Richelle Direny: I'm talking about the recording. Usually the recording will tell you what your
Richelle Direny: Situation is once you put in whatever information, to tell you the answer.
Antonio J: No, it's not doing that.
Antonio J: I've been looking online. Oh no, I don't.
Antonio J: Let me just figure it out today. I got a lot to
Antonio J: Talk to her and and she when we come here Thursday and
Antonio J: Thursday. I'm like, man, it's though.
Antonio J: They should, they should. I don't know.
Antonio J: I don't know how you got people focusing on groping that and so they might be going on right
Richelle Direny: Know, everybody in the same boat you in the old woman, they're stressed, but listen when it's all said and done, like you said,
Richelle Direny: It's prioritizing what it is that you have to do.
Richelle Direny: Is prioritizing it if you say you gotta call your appeal as soon as you get off the phone call your appeal, get that out the way if y'all have about once a month call her. Get out the way. Moving on.
Richelle Direny: If it is that you have to call h&r block, you say, Okay, you know what, I got a call h&r block cuz I'll be on the phone with them for a minute. So let me call the other people that I'll need to check in, but once a week or once a month, and they you just do it like that.
Richelle Direny: And people with three like
Antonio J: It's like I'm on probation for drinking, but you want me to report, I mean color Monday.
Antonio J: Monday comes here Thursday, then call her on Friday. Like what, like, am I really that big of Briscoe like is it really that
Antonio J: Is I don't understand.
Richelle Direny: What to ask her say why do I have to. Why do I have to check in with you so many times per week. What's, what's the, what's the real reason
Richelle Direny: Just but but Antonio when you're frustrated you start thinking about everything you start thinking about everything. You start questioning everything
Richelle Direny: When you call her find out
Richelle Direny: How often do I really need to check in with you. If she says every okay buddy. Can I just understand why do I have to check in so many times with you. I got all these other things that are having to hear what she has to say.
Richelle Direny: Because you're frustrated with money every single get on your nerves. Mr.
Richelle Direny: Hill me talking to you is getting your nerves because you need you need to figure out your money.
Richelle Direny: Let's be just to be honest, I ain't right. It is good if I'm frustrated about something having a conversation. If I'm talking to you every week.
Richelle Direny: Right now I'm frustrated. I need to try to hear what you have to say right now because I am frustrated and I'll till I do what my frustration anything anybody else has to say to me is going to seem like a thorn in my flesh.
Richelle Direny: Because the one big thing is
Richelle Direny: Anyone
Richelle Direny: Because I guess I bet you this. If you, if they call you back. So, Antonio Monday you start back working. I bet you're, you're going to be in a better place to top your head going to be clear. Let's be. Let's be real.
Antonio J: Or not.
Antonio J: Be great
Richelle Direny: Because now your security is back. So now you can talk to me with a clear head. You could go to group with a clear head, you'll see your appeal with a clear head, everything will be you'll be era.
Richelle Direny: But for right now because of the fact that
Richelle Direny: Your financial future is so unstable. You can't focus on any
Richelle Direny: And it is what is real. So that's why I'm saying to you for right now.
Richelle Direny: put things in order after I get off the phone. Let me check him what my peel. All right. I do what I need to do what my PR
Antonio J: Would be on the phone and a half hour recording, man. It's I'll be like,
Antonio J: Lord
Richelle Direny: Let me bring you right back to me. You got to meet with me for our you're like, Good lord, I got so much to do on that side of me talking to you.
Antonio J: I mean,
Antonio J: I understand. I gotta do this but I mean
Antonio J: Oh man, is the one talking stuff about like down
Antonio J: I am I guess no felony. That's what I'd be saying like, what the hell is like a do a burglary or robbery or or you
Antonio J: Know, they just
Richelle Direny: call a spade a spade, you're frustrated. That's what I keep bringing back to you call a spade a spade, you're frustrated
Richelle Direny: You I need money. I can't talk about nothing else unless I'm talking about how many give some money to pay these bills call a spade a spade. It is what it is anyone any money. That's not talking to you about how you can get your money is going to get on your nerves.
Richelle Direny: Call spade a spade.
Richelle Direny: Hey, my feelings. I heard listen to live this too many times call a spade a spade. When I am frustrated. I can't sleep. I can't. My kids get on my last nerve. Everybody gets on my nerves. So call a spade a spade.
Richelle Direny: But when it's all said and done, take the frustration out of it as best as you can and then you can, you're better able to know exactly what it is that you're doing.
Richelle Direny: I'm telling you if you remove the frustration out of the picture.
Richelle Direny: It makes it you're thinking, clear. It's kind of like what I talked about fear when you have so much fear you think you don't make wise decisions.
Richelle Direny: Because you're operating out of fear, but if you remove the fear, then you're able to think clearer and saying, hold up. This will make no sense. Why am I doing this because this will make any sense.
Richelle Direny: So listen I ankle ankle keep you, I'm going to keep you because I know like you say you go gotta go up over 40 minutes
Richelle Direny: Everybody else
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Let's check back in on on, like I say, you have two options when it comes on to the groups on Thursdays at all and six. Okay. And then we'll just go from there.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so when I see you on Thursday. I'll look at because I won't be able to meet with you again until the end of the month.
Richelle Direny: Does that give you a little bit release.
Antonio J: On us
Antonio J: I don't mind it. I just, I don't mind doing it at all, I think, like you said, I gotta figure this out real quick.
Antonio J: Know,
Antonio J: When and I talked to her, man.
Richelle Direny: Listen, if she just, uh, just be hopeful. Maybe she'll take me young. I thought I heard, send it to the end of the month.
Antonio J: She text me, call me.
Antonio J: And
Antonio J: You like me.
Antonio J: No kidding. She's, she's cool. She's
Antonio J: Worried so
Antonio J: She's, she's cool. She's trying to see if I'm are
Richelle Direny: You think kind of thing.
Richelle Direny: You see what I'm telling you when you first started
Richelle Direny: Cuz I ain't gonna lie to you the way you talk about that lady. I'm wondering, like she like you
Antonio J: Know like add text message me, come see me Thursday. I want to see what's going on. They had a call you today. So, I mean,
Antonio J: I don't know what the difference between Monday and Thursday but
Richelle Direny: Well, why don't you say hey you know coronavirus is still alive. So how about we do this face to face thing. So come down this
Richelle Direny: Just say that, like, I don't need to come see you. I gotta sit six feet away from you. Anyway, so let's just do it FaceTime, let's do a face. Is it a possibility.
Richelle Direny: Right, you put it out there.
Richelle Direny: Because maybe you got to find a way to get
Antonio J: Right.
Richelle Direny: Huh.
Antonio J: Yeah, like you said, You want me to come down to the build and I and
Antonio J: I know he was doing it.
Antonio J: Right, yeah. I'm a call.
Antonio J: Center.
Richelle Direny: Just as soon as you get off just be like, Okay, ma'am. I know you said to call you and I know that we could do that. Is that a possibility that we could like FaceTime, so you can check it on me. I mean, I am home. I am going to where I can you know
Antonio J: Go there.
Richelle Direny: So ask, but hopefully you'll see something good. So I see you Thursday. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. Have a go, Antonio,